build: allow to customize tmpdir (#7243)
puppeteer/puppeteer: docs/api.md

- `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, `NO_PROXY` - defines HTTP proxy settings that are used to download and run Chromium.
- `PUPPETEER_SKIP_CHROMIUM_DOWNLOAD` - do not download bundled Chromium during installation step.

> - `PUPPETEER_TMP_DIR` - defines the directory to be used by Puppeteer for creating temporary files. It's [os.tmpdir](https://nodejs.org/api/os.html#os_os_tmpdir) by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PUPPETEER_TMP_DIR` - defines the directory to be used by Puppeteer for creating temporary files. Defaults to [`os.tmpdir()`](https://nodejs.org/api/os.html#os_os_tmpdir).
```
